The silver is over and it’s a good time.
Don't forget me and make you the general manager.
This point comes to Fajiang.
Yes, some people also said that our Lu family has lost Wan Ning.
Just go to the ice cream warehouse.
Look, grandma, you are going to have a meal in the morning as the general manager,
My brother, this one is no match for Wan Ningchang. Um
I still mess up
Disappoint you tonight
No late night
We should take it
You don't have enough experience
Didn't you tell us before?
You and Mr. Long are rescuers
this project
Wan Ning will definitely win it
This will only be acknowledged now
Have you always been balancing us?
By this time
You still don’t understand
This expense
This project from start to finish
That's because we are too young
Only then will I believe him. Wan Ning, let me see
You are with this waste now
It’s not too late to get married
After all, go up
Then I've been waiting for you
Get a divorce quickly
Look at this trash
Which one has the best leather?
Ye Shou is the heir to a first-class family
This trash can cheat
You want to follow Ye Shou
Although he is the general manager of my family
But at least we can get through it
Is it the life of an encounter with God? Ye Shou
Thank you for everything
If everything is temporary
Fang Ming is super sensitive, right?
My tomb family will also be so smooth, Manager Sun
It just so happens that Wu Zhao also has a weapon
You go and force me to do that